Added properties to signin resource type. Made changes to signin.md a… (#11410)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/signin.md

|authenticationRequirementPolicies|[authenticationRequirementPolicy](authenticationRequirementPolicy.md) collection|Sources of authentication requirement, such as Conditional Access, per-user MFA, Identity Protection, and Security Defaults.|
|clientAppUsed|String|The legacy client used for sign-in activity. For example, Browser, Exchange Active Sync,Modern clients, IMAP, MAPI, SMTP, or POP.|
|conditionalAccessStatus|string| The status of the conditional access policy triggered. Possible values: `success`, `failure`, `notApplied`, or `unknownFutureValue`.|
|correlationId|String|The identifier that's sent from the client when sign-in is initiated. This is used for troubleshooting the corresponding sign-in activity when calling for support.|
|createdDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The date and time the sign-in was initiated. The Timestamp type is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 would look like this: `'2014-01-01T00:00:00Z'`.|
|deviceDetail|[deviceDetail](devicedetail.md)|The device information from where the sign-in occurred. Includes information such as deviceId, OS, and browser. |

> |flaggedForReview|Boolean|Indicates if user flagged signIns for review.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|flaggedForReview|Boolean|Indicates whether there are user flagged sign-ins for review.|
```

> |homeTenantId|String|The tenantId of the user initiating the signIn. Not applicable in Managed Identity or Service Principal signIns.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|homeTenantId|String|The tenant identifier of the user initiating the sign-in. Not applicable in Managed Identity or Service Principal sign-ins.|
```

|riskState|riskState|The risk state of a risky user, sign-in, or a risk event. Possible values: `none`, `confirmedSafe`, `remediated`, `dismissed`, `atRisk`, `confirmedCompromised`, or `unknownFutureValue`.|
|servicePrincipalId|String|The application identifier used for sign-in. This field is populated when you are signing in using an application.|
|servicePrincipalName|String|The application name used for sign-in. This field is populated when you are signing in using an application.|

> |signInIdentifier|String|The identification used to signIn - includes UPN, but is also populated when a user logs in in with other identifiers.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|signInIdentifier|String|The identification used to sign in - includes UPN, but is also populated when a user signs in using other identifiers.|
```

> |signInIdentiferType|signInIdentiferType|Provides the type of signInIdentifier. Examples include `userPrincipalName`, `qrCode`, `phoneNumber`, `proxyAddress`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|signInIdentiferType|signInIdentiferType|Provides the type of sign-in identifier. Examples include `userPrincipalName`, `qrCode`, `phoneNumber`, `proxyAddress`.|
```
